Kill you
I have endured you for a long time
It's like my quest.
Who wouldn't hurt my child?
Who dares to harm him, I will fight with whom
Early knowledge today
Why did you
Back off
I know it will weigh me
The queen is willing to accompany the ancient Buddha with green lanterns
I beg you to let my child live
It's okay to let go
It is unnecessary to always accompany the ancient Buddha of youth
What do you say baby
Your Highness, I am convinced
Now you can tell me.
What is Iwamatsu trying to do?
Iwamatsu wants to oppose it?
Finally
His Royal Highness seems to be eager for him to resist
Not really.
It's just that I'm thinking about all the nonsense he's been talking about lately
It can't be used as a wedding dress for others, right?
Did he give me a fake photo to